c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\MonsterTextured.exe
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\MonsterTextured.pdb
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.AudioVideoPlayback.dll
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.dll
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3DX.dll
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectDraw.dll
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectInput.dll
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectPlay.dll
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectSound.dll
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.dll
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.xml
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.AudioVideoPlayback.xml
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.xml
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3DX.xml
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectDraw.xml
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectInput.xml
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectPlay.xml
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.DirectSound.xml
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\obj\Debug\MonsterTextured.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\obj\Debug\MonsterTextured.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\obj\Debug\MonsterTextured.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\obj\Debug\MonsterTextured.exe
c:\users\grzegorz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MonsterTextured\MonsterTextured\obj\Debug\MonsterTextured.pdb
